Updated documentation (#4)
twigbit/ident-sdk: README.md

# Twigbit Ident SDK

The Twigbit Ident SDK is a lightweight convenience layer on top of the [AusweisApp2 SDK](https://www.ausweisapp.bund.de/fuer-diensteanbieter/software-development-kit-sdk/) written in Kotlin.

> We are aiming to extract and eliminate the recurring code and configuration that every developer faces integrating the SDK. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are aiming to extract and eliminate the recurring code and configuration that every developer faces integrating AusweisIdent functionality in their apps. 
```

* [core] Refactor state callbacks into interface.
* [core] Review inheritance model and draft alternative livecycle-aware architecture that offers more flexibility.

> ## Milesstones

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Milestones
```
